Fix customssl upstream attribute (#5028)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_resetting-custom-ssl-certificate-to-default-self-signed-certificate-on-smartproxy-server.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE

> [id="resetting-custom-ssl-certificate-to-default-self-signed-certificate-on-smartproxy-server"]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[id="resetting-custom-ssl-certificate-to-default-self-signed-certificate-on-{smart-proxy-context}-server"]
```

file name: smartproxy -> smart-proxy; see comment below with my linked commit.
